# Another defi project, Bifrost, of polkadot ecology. How about it? PW interview with Bifrost core development

Bifrost is another difi project of polkadot ecology, which has obtained grant from Web3 foundation. It aims to lower the user staging threshold and improve the standing revenue. Polkaworld interviewed lupris, founder of Bifrost, to learn more about Bifrost.


**1. I seem to remember that your competition on polkaworld Hackathon is Bifrost. How did this project start?**

Bifrost was established in July 2019. However, before the launch of Bifrost, we launched a decentralized POS pool with stacking liquidity. At that time, it was the stacking boom, and there was no staging in the market With the concept of liquidity and no need to lock the warehouse, thanks to this, the fund scale of users' participation has reached nearly 500K USD in just two weeks' online time of the product. However, the shortcomings of smart contract development based on single chain were found very quickly, and it was difficult to copy this mode to multiple chains. Therefore, after technical research, it was found that the combination of Polkadot relay chain and substrate development framework could solve this hard problem, so the project Bifrost was born.

**2. What kind of problems does Bifrost aim to solve? What's the difference between stafi and ACALA networks, which also received grant from the Web3 foundation? What different problems have you solved?**

Fortunately, it has been able to make progress with excellent teams like ACALA and stafi. Compared with ACALA and stafi, Bifrost aims to provide liquidity for stacking, and at the same time, it focuses more on lowering the user's staging threshold and improving the revenue of stacking.

In terms of lowering the threshold of staging, taking Kusama as an example, users do not need to perform tedious operations such as locking warehouse, selecting nodes, and nominating, but only need to hold vksm to obtain stacking benefits. The way to obtain vksm is also very simple, such as through wallet exchange, exchange purchase, activity collection, OTC trading and so on. At the same time, vksm can also transfer and sell at any time without waiting for the time of redemption and lock up, so as to greatly reduce the cognitive and psychological threshold of users' participation in stacking.

On the other hand, Bifrost will provide a bidding market for voting rights. Taking Kusama as an example, the voting rights of KSM in the Bifrost stacking pool are obtained by market bidding. Who bid higher will get the corresponding number of KSMS in the Bifrost stacking pool Therefore, small nodes that do not reach the threshold can be self incubated and enter the public voter's field of vision to provide better service to confront the head node, making the node network more secure and healthy. Therefore, in the period of strong demand for voting rights, the standing income generated by Bifrost may even exceed the maximum income of the original chain.

**3. If I am now a candidate node for Kusama, can I increase our voting rights by bidding in the Bifrost stacking pool?**

Well, yes. Like an exchange bill, you can use KSM to buy tickets from the pool to increase your voting rights. It's like leverage, using the KSM annualized cost to get more votes.

For example, if you pay 40% annualisation, the price to buy 10000 KSM and vote for 10 days is 109.58 KSM (10000 * 0.4 / 365 * 10).

**4. What stage is Bifrost in? How to access Boca ecology and contribute to it in the future?**

Last Saturday (March 21), we released the Bifrost poc-2 test network to test the node stability and verify some business logic.

Next, we plan to bridge the EOS test network to complete the preliminary cross chain test. As a parallel chain providing multi chain asset stacking liquidity, Bifrost will be more dependent on Polkadot relay network. Therefore, how to successfully bid for slots is an important link in our planning. Bifrost plans to conduct IPO at the initial open auction of parallel chain For initial parachain offers, users participating in IPO will receive BNC (Bifrost network coin) as an incentive. For more details, please pay attention to the release of IPO plan after Bifrost. Vtoken, which is connected to Polkadot ecology, is developed based on the general asset protocol, which makes other parallel chains compatible easily. Users have completed the cross chain while using the stacking liquidity provided by Bifrost. Therefore, Bifrost not only attracts users of POS public chain, but also imports users for other parallel chains in Polkadot.

**5. What kind of work were you doing before you started Bifrost?**

I played bitcoin with my colleagues when I was developing Sina Weibo. After reading a lot of relevant materials about bitcoin and blockchain, I became very interested in blockchain technology. Later, I deeply studied blockchain when I was doing cross-border payment business in Ping + +. At that time, I thought the "virtual asset uniqueness" of blockchain This point is too great, and it will certainly bring great changes to the world of gradual informatization. At that time, the research found that the user experience of blockchain products on the market was generally poor, and the learning cost was high, which blocked many potential users. Therefore, in October 2017, the user experience of blockchain products was generally poor, and the learning cost was high Month and his partners jointly founded Li coin, with the vision of "making the blockchain simpler", hoping to make efforts in improving user experience and lowering the threshold of participation, so as to make blockchain products popular.

**6. How did you notice polkadot and substrate?**

The initial contact with polkadot should start with substrate. At that time, the business based on smart contract development was limited. When looking for solutions, we learned that substrate might be a feasible technical framework. After comparing cosmos SDK and substrate, we finally chose substrate.

**7. What's the greatest help to you and your team with substrate?**

In terms of technology, reduce the threshold of blockchain development and save a lot of development workload. In terms of products, substrate is compatible with Polkadot relay network, which enables Multi Chain scenarios to be developed quickly. In addition, there are Web3 Foundation grant and substratebuilder plans, which will help in capital, market, product, financing, planning and other aspects.

**8. Can you share how you got grant from Web3 foundation?**

I don't think there are any special skills. As long as the team is in line with Web3's vision, can produce practical value, and do things in a down-to-earth manner, they can get grant from the Web3 foundation. It is recommended that teams with ideas and technologies can try to apply.

**9. What are your biggest expectations for polkadot and Bifrost in 2020?**

The biggest expectation for polkadot this year is of course the smooth launch of xcmp cross chain protocol. I believe other teams in polkadot ecology are also paying close attention to the latest progress of xcmp. For Bifrost, the basis for establishing cooperation with other defi projects (such as mortgage lending) is asset liquidity. Therefore, it is expected that Bifrost can well realize the liquidity construction and marketization of voting rights in this year. Our goal is to provide at least three kinds of asset's stacking liquidity and vtoken within six months after the release of xcmp agreement The total market value reaches 10m USD.